I'm dodging.
I'm gonna raise one trick.
No, you're not.
Yeah, I am.
You're welcome.
No.
Dude, I'm the best iron one.
Raise shit, bro.
Iron one.
Nick.
I'm good.
You're cracked, bro.
I'm wood for.
Bro, wait, you guys are wood.
I'm so stuck in pebble, bro.
You're in pebble?
Oh, man.
I'm sorry, bro.
I was harpsicked there for a while, but I got out eventually.
I'm still gonna propose you a grip-beling depression.
I didn't even realize that I was on the ground.
Yeah.
I think they're there.
Nah, nah, there's a...
Are you sure?
You guys are that way.
I think they're there.
It could be anywhere.
I mean, they could be here.
One's there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm gonna get one.
You saw him?
Get one on there.
Right there?
Yep.
Nah, he's nice.
Nice.
I sawed him.
He was over there.
Uh, Uka on site.
Backside, back hall.
He's over there.
Don't worry, I got you.
I think he's there.
He's over there.
Yeah, on site, backside, back hall.
Yeah, there, there, there.
On site, backside, back hall.
Remember that.
It's important.
Backshot.
I'm coming.
Yeah, wait.
Uka.
Yo, it's November.
Oh, shit.
I've never nutted.
Do a fake hero clone.
15.
OK, 2 F, 2 F.
Jetton, he can just do a fake hero.
What the fuck?
Watch out the skies in market.
Yeah, I don't know about you guys, but that shit was on him.
I think you're moving.
Nah, that doesn't make any sense.
I think you were aiming at the market and not at sky.
You're right.
I just have a passion for shooting up markets.
How about you leave your grocery list at home, huh?
Oh, fuck.
I'm a full hell of hell.
Don't lose your hair.
It if you lose your gay.
Hey, don't go that way.
I was with Sentens.
On it.
No, no.
To this game isn't about being good at like shooting heads
or planting the bomb or using abilities.
It's all about financial discipline.
I'm really good at financial discipline.
Just not I or up.
Don't make it any noise.
I left.
Five planted.
Here.
Over there.
I'll be here.
Yeah.
Oh, two men.
One enemy remaining.
Please, kids doing.
No idea.
Oh, Jets there as well.
Careful.
Crash.
What a play, dude.
Do Jan one Jan one still Jan.
I can't believe they haven't got another kill.
We're just like dodging these things left and right.
I might be off.
If he's going to buy some more, you will get tank a bit.
Okay.
Yeah, why are you guys also quiet at 6 p.m.
Where the vibes are?
I was just looking at that.
Is that one just covered in barbellier?
I'm gonna pull it out.
What about putting it in?
What do you mean?
I'm actually pulling it out.
Well, you already had to get it in there.
Where do those even go in, too?
They hurt that part.
They put them in the p-hole because they bleed out of their urethra.
Oh.
It needs a forsaken tampon for those nosebleeds.
Dude.
No, forsaken tampon is literally just like a very splintery thing of wood.
They just shove up there.
It doesn't do much.
It kind of just plugs the holes when they unplug it.
You know?
No, it's when you actually don't have a tampon.
See, after you know, just make your own.
You just fingering yourself all day.
No!
Oh my god, I suck.
Listen, listen.
You got the kill.
What matters is you got the kill.
You won.
You're better.
I'm diamond, too.
I should be one tapping people in there.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, why are you holding my friend as such high expectations for every single kill man?
You can whiff every once in a while.
Okay, buddy?
It's fine.
Oh, hey, you smell your trying?
You smell your trying?
Lack of player stands.
Haha.
You will not kill my ally.
Oh.
What are these splintering?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, sing like a singer.
Oh.
I was just pulling into McDonald's right there.
Sorry.
I'm tired.
It's a little squeaky.
Careful, SpongeBob.
Careful.
Let's go.
TouchBob.
Be careful.
Haha.
She won't blush herself.
That's so good.
You just saw the jet lookie.
Well, I want my baby back baby back baby back.
I want my baby back baby back.
She leaves.
Oh.
I don't think we're getting to this game.
Yeah.
I didn't want to play anyway.
Honestly, I'd rather not be in the game.
Can't lose if you're not on the game.
Because we treat this.
I'm sorry.
Oh.
Three three three out.
I'm sorry.
Hey.
Oh.
I'm in tall ported bed somewhere
I'm in from man Nick
How the hell did I get ISO wait, I'm really confused. I'm trying to kill I think I was trying to kill sky and I just
randomly shot ISO in the head
Oh
I know it's fine. I don't need it. I don't need it. Yeah, we go be
Nice
Right there
Oh one tab
Um
Either drop or on site go crazy
Oh
No, no, I'm not a bolt. Two there two there two there
Or
My line up. Oh
She went night night. You're the time you get time
Oh, you went for the fucking
No, I didn't have time. We just got to stick together. We got this
Yeah guys just stick together. Oh, there is right slow down. Oh
Nice we do that together
Nice
Yep, yep, yep
Oh, it's fair in love and war yep
Oh, I got me going on wait for me wait for me wait for me
Yep, yep, yep, wait, yep, come on
I'm here here here. Yo, yeah, let's go. Come on
Nice good hit. What a shot. Oh
Oh
I'm sure that's right. Oh, I just realized when he had
The list of what she got through no she's lost
I'm on you up behind you upstairs upstairs through right yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Thank you, thank you
That
Upies upies upies there's stairs this one as well
Oh drop drop drop drop drop drop drop drop on site on site nice
This dude here is watching blank nice one enemy. We're nice. Lies
Oh
She has a judge she has a judge on site under
How did you miss all of this I don't know it's a fucking baseball bat dude. What am I doing fucking bunting come on
Be back there
Just as predicted
One 20 up oh
Shit
He's done what I could not be every round as one man ready to make
I'm not ready to face my fear. Oh shit. She's up men
I
Mean
Nice
Minimum boss
Hey, hey, I can say whatever I want about the minimum skin side own one of them
You don't want yeah, did you buy the whole bundle? No, I didn't want to waste my money
Oh
I had dinkers 78 thank you
Been mimimim running default oh
My god one enemy remain whoo weapon here. Oh alley
Oh
Yep
Well match MVP you cross here to good game good one and I'm sure you're match MVP
You're lying
You